Update DOCS.md (#1606)
home-assistant/hassio-addons: dnsmasq/DOCS.md

internal IP address, e.g., `192.168.1.10`. While outside of this network,
it would resolve normally.

> These options allows you to create a so called: Split DNS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows you to create a so called: Split DNS.
```
